---
layout: post
title:  Me in SRA
category: jekyll 
description: What fun I have had in SRA so far
---
To give a brief about what is SRA-VJTI](https://sravjti.in/), it is the sole club in our college where imagination comes to life and people collaborate with a lot of passion to work on various projects. In short it is where all the fun happens.

It was started a long time back n our college but for me it began with the flagship workshop Wall-E where in I was flabbergasted by the tech-handiness of things. Then we went on to Pixels workshop where I was introduced to Computer Vision and basically softwre part of things. The workshop that combined both was the Mario Workshop, thou not as great as the predecessors but it was fun.<br>
> I so wanted to get into this club now. I had seen the seniors work on projects!!!
<br>
I saw what SRA was in my First year of college but I wanted more. My exams ended and so did my first year and beegan the time when I could get into SRA. It was a tough competition and I had nearly given up but still I wounded up in the club :D
> Yay for me!
<br>
### Time for the main grind
    Now that I was in SRA now I had to work on a solid project to maintain my position there and so I did(more about the project in a different post).
    First 2 months went too quick and I had made a lot of Friends and collegues who were so fking crazy and GOATed. I grew more with them and they grew even more.
    Time passed and our friendship flourished. We made sure the club was a vibey and fun place and not some Corporate area where we just work and Work.

### The 3rd sem ended
    We all got busy as the sem ended and all had our domains to work on. As the sem ended the GOATs made a Bio-inspired bot "KURMA". It was cool but I could not give my time to it.
    > We got our own new Member now!! It was a cute little orange cat - "Santra"
    Too cute, too lazy but our own. We had workshops, we had fights, we had dynamics change but one thing that remained constant was Santra he did not change and just was there to boost our morale.

## My role in Second year
    I was very eager to provide something I could do for the club and so I volunteered for the Marketing jobs, the crative ones where I could get a chance to put forward the club as I wished to portray it and I did not fail. I delivered the T-shirt designs for the club merchandise. I edited videos to promote the very workshops I had attended in my 1st year. I handled the Social Media page of the club and I beleive I did a good job in doing so.
<br>
<br>
``` html
    That was it for this time... giving a gist, an overview. Be back soon.